The script is over 1000 lines!  It's not efficiently designed and I'm sure there are ways to modularize it and reduce the the repetiveness of much of it.
It does work well enough for my use case though.  Some notes about it are as follows:

1. For the Emulationstation-FCAMOD building section: you can change the git it pulls from to another source by simply changing es-git variable data at the top of the script. It is currently configured to pull my source.
2. If you want to build Emulationstation-FCAMOD with the ability to scrape games, you'll need a Developer ID and password for screenscraper.fr and/or an apikey for TheGamesDB.  As of 7/27/2021, You can request a Developer ID and Password from screenscraper.fr by creating an account then go to the forum located at: https://www.screenscraper.fr/forumsujets.php?frub=12&numpage=0.  You can request a apikey from TheGamesDB by creating an account then go to the forum located at: https://forums.thegamesdb.net/viewforum.php?f=10
3. When starting the build process for Emulationstation-FCAMOD, you'll be asked for the Dev ID for screenscraper.fr, the Dev Password for screenscraper.fr, The APIKEY for TheGamesDB and the softwarename to use for the build.  All of these values are optional and if nothing is entered, the build will not fail.  Scraping will not be possible from within emulationstation without those values provides.  The software name is completely optional and only used for statistics in screenscraper.fr.  If you will be constantly building or rebuilding emulationstation, you can set the following environment variables in your build environment for these which are as follows: DEV_ID, DEV_PASS, TGDB_APIKEY, and SOFTNAME.  In debian based build environments, these can be set with the `export`command (ex. `export DEV_ID=testid`.  To have them set on boot of your environment, you can the export commands to your .bashrc file in your home directory.
4. If you'd like to add any additional patches to the various libretro core, retroarch and ppsspp builds, just add them to the patches folder and be sure they follow a similar naming scheme as seen with the existing patches (ex. ppsspp-patch- or mgba-patch-).
5. Before new builds, be sure to do a `./rk3326_core_builds clean`before executing them or the builds may fail.
